Backend Developer NestJS, TypeScript (PERN stack) - [full-time, long-term]
Posted 12 minutes ago
Worldwide
🚀 Join our journey in revolutionizing the construction industry!

At CENDAS, we're on a mission to reshape the construction industry with digital innovation. Although we're based in Germany, our dynamic team of about 50+ people is spread out across the globe. We're excited to invite a seasoned Backend Developer to bring their expertise to our team. Join us to play a pivotal role in creating a cutting-edge solution in construction tech.

What We Offer:
💪 Flexible Working Hours - Shape your working schedule around your needs.
🦄 Startup Spirit - At CENDAS, every contribution counts, and every voice is valued.
🔮 Full-time and long-term position
😊 Awesome culture - I know this statement may be a bit biased, but one of our main goals, is to have a supporting culture and create an environment where you can learn a lot and also feel welcomed and heard. (Maybe our Upwork reviews can work as proof of that to some extent)

Discover more about us: cendas.net/ueber-cendas/career/ (Note: Site is primarily in German)

Your Mission:
🚀 Join us in shaping our backend infrastructure (PERN stack) and drive the development of our powerful web applications for the construction industry. Work together with our frontend developers, UI/UX designers and product managers on innovative features and proactively contribute ideas and suggestions for improvement to take CENDAS to the next level.

Technical Expertise:
💡 Proficient in -TypeScript- with practical application expertise
💡 Strong knowledge of -NestJS- for efficient and structured backend development
💡 Preferably experienced in optimizing data retrieval and communication using -GraphQL-
💡 Skilled in integrating databases with -ORM- tools like Prisma
💡 Adherence to best practices in code versioning using -Git-
💡 Hands-on experience with lambda (AWS) or similar service in a productive environment

Take the Next Step:
🌟 Are you ready to shape the future of construction tech with us? Reach out now and let's embark on this exciting journey together!

Timeline:
1st Interview: 09.01.2024-19.01.2024
Mini Code Assessment: 19.01.2024-25.01.2024
2nd Interview: 30.01.2024-2.02.2024
Hire & start: 05.02.2024

You will be asked to answer the following questions when submitting a proposal:

Please upload a video and introduce yourself (who you are, what experiences you had so far).
Please (1) rate your expertise from 1-10 and your (2) your years of experience with: (a) NestJS, (b) TypeScript, (c) GraphQL, (d) Prisma or similar (mention which one), (e) AWS.
Please upload your CV
What were the last 2 projects that you worked on? Please (a) describe it briefly, (b) describe the team that worked on that, (c) what role you played in the team and (e) how long you worked on that project.
Are you part of an agency?
